hey guys how's it goin lots of games I'm
going to do an unboxing video for the
Tekken 6 Wireless funnel but before I do
yeah like I said we just had
Thanksgiving yesterday and we have some
family members at her house and one of
the family members this is the amount of
sorta Santa this family member drink in
a single day and yeah let's do a quick
time with this just for today 1 2 3 4 5
6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 16
beverages be a very interested in know
how many yes so as you guys have drink a
single day but uh yeah so anyway on the
boxing video you guys say we got the
Tekken 6 Wireless bundle to inbox for
you and it showed to you guys been
waiting for a while just thread moment
to make this video and so we got here
had not opened it I got this for me I
was on my place he order on Tuesday and
so yesterday was Thanksgiving and so
gotta stay here Black Friday and I'm
very excited to show you guys
a heavy box and
there's brunch on the side the other
side and there is the back got there's
the top and there's the bottom and it's
even got period everyone which is pretty
cool okay well let's see you know I did
a video for this when this was first
announced this bundle and kind of gosh
what's in this so go through right now
series and that's in this box just piece
of tape
Wow cuz I just recently saw your review
for Technic 6 and I highly recommend you
check out their view when you get the
chance I'll put a link to that video and
here we go
so it looks like right there copy of
game right there Tekken 6 Wow
Tekken 6 artbook this is pretty solid
this is like the type of yearbook I
would get in junior high middle school
here wow that's pretty cool looking book
a lot of good lot of good pictures in
yeah this is a like ten times better
than the artbook for for some of the
other games that I have okay
so pair of double A batteries I just
tossed and batteries of course you're
going to be fine
there you go Wow
decided for this Wow my or ex2 there it
is and of course you have on the back
spot for the two batteries batteries
were included which is pretty cool and
have the back Start button buttons and
of course
apparently this must be the button to
connect to the console for top for
bottom buttons and yeah really excited
to see how well it works most you're
finding you guys have tried out this
Wireless fight stick but yeah there it
is if you have any questions at all let
me know as always thanks for watching
guys and I'll talk to you later